clustering traffic admission control (#2970)
grafana/alloy: docs/sources/reference/cli/run.md

* `--cluster.tls-cert-path`: Path to the certificate file used for peer communication over TLS.
* `--cluster.tls-key-path`: Path to the key file used for peer communication over TLS.
* `--cluster.tls-server-name`: Server name used for peer communication over TLS.

> * `--cluster.wait-for-size`: Wait for the cluster to reach the specified number of instances before admitting traffic to components that use clustering. Zero means disabled (default `0`).

Reviewer: Is "admitting traffic" going to be clear language to users? Should it be more literal?
> Wait for the cluster to reach the specified number of instances before allowing components that use clustering to begin collecting telemetry...

If `--cluster.rejoin-interval` is set to `0s`, then discovering peers using the `--cluster.join-addresses` and `--cluster.discover-peers` flags only happens at startup. After that, cluster nodes depend on gossiping messages with each other to converge on the cluster's state.

The first node that's used to bootstrap a new cluster (also known as the "seed node") can either omit the flags that specify peers to join or can try to connect to itself.

To join or rejoin a cluster, {{< param "PRODUCT_NAME" >}} tries to connect to a number of random peers limited by the `--cluster.max-join-peers` flag.
This flag can be useful for clusters of significant sizes because connecting to a high number of peers can be an expensive operation.
To disable this behavior, set the `--cluster.max-join-peers` flag to 0.
If the value of `--cluster.max-join-peers` is higher than the number of peers discovered, {{< param "PRODUCT_NAME" >}} connects to all of them.

The `--cluster.wait-for-size` flag specifies the minimum cluster size required before components that use clustering
begin processing traffic. When set to a value greater than zero, a node will join the cluster but the components that

> use clustering will not take on any work until enough nodes are available. This ensures adequate cluster capacity - see

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
use clustering will not take on any work until enough nodes are available. This ensures adequate cluster capacity - refer to
```
